Add support for logging flat objects (e.g. details) to reduce number of unique columns in telemetry (#15827)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/wild-items-beam.md

---
"@fluidframework/telemetry-utils": major
---

> Adding support to log a flat object, which will be JSON.stringified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Loggers now support logging a flat object, which will be JSON.stringified.
```

Reviewer: THis would also be where to describe how to deal with the breaking changes, if applicable. Use your judgement.

---
"@fluidframework/telemetry-utils": major
---

> The logger interface now supports logging a flat object, which will be JSON.stringified before being sent to the host's base logger.

Author: ```suggestion
The internal logger interface used when instrumenting the code now supports logging a flat object,
which will be JSON.stringified before being sent to the host's base logger.
```
